# W266_Final_Project

Click [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/153GAs0QNkTs5DbTPxEPOp1GuYMhj4C4-?usp=sharing) to access the dataset (file size exceeds upload limit on Github). 

As YouTube becomes a heavily monetized service, it gains traction among internet influencers and visibility becomes increasingly important. By developing an end-to-end question answering system, we enable C-level content creators to estimate the amount of time it would take for their video to reach the trending page or even strategize video titles and publish timing for the future. With data for over 57,000 YouTube videos across the U.S., Great Britain, and Canada, we pass input variables like the title, publish date, number of likes and dislikes, comment count, view count, quarter, and whether or not comments and ratings were enabled through a multi-input CNN model with MLP and CNN  sub-components. We generate an estimate of the amount of the remaining time it would take a user's video to trend. To measure success in our project we defined three indicators: (1) Our model would be abstracted into a function that prompts the user to input information about a video, (2) Our mixed model would minimize MAPE, (3) The predictions we obtained from our model seemed reasonable. To reflect, our model was abstracted well and guides the user through all steps to receive predictions, we did not minimize the MAPE because it was consistently above 65 for all attempted CNNs. Although the magnitude of predictions did not differ substantially for test videos intentionally created to trend slow and fast, our predictions generally were accurate relative to one another. 

Keywords: Youtube, convolutional neural net, multilayer perceptron, social media optimization
